welcome to huffington post my name is
Thea Randall and this is my recipe for
the weekend now I'm going to cook today
we get to carbonara which I think it's
one of those dishes that everyone has a
sort of theory or philosophy behind and
for me the most important thing about
spaghetti carbonara is the quality of
the ingredients so really good quality
spaghetti I mean by the sort of the best
spaghetti you can afford to buy good
eggs I mean these are Italian eggs and
the chickens we've got a diet of corn
and carrots and they're specifically
reared for pasta because they've got
this amazing yolk because of the
carotene the carrot it's very very
almost orange like and then I've got
some really good quality pancetta which
is a dry cure it's not smoked it's got
this kind of amazing amount of fat on it
but when you fry it
it's absolute delicious and then of
course we can have some parmigiana me
you could use a pecorino
but parmesan with the egg and the
pancetta is delicious there's no cream
in this recipe
you know carbonara with cream is you
know it's not really how it should be
done
Koni a black pepper as well so first of
all we'll get a hot pan well actually
first of all cook our spaghetti so the
whole dish shouldn't take longer than
the spaghetti cook now this is probably
going to take on the packets in about
ten minutes we're gonna cook about eight
and we're just going to finish up the
cooking with a bit of the cooking water
and the eggs and the pancetta and
parmesan so we'll put this in now so
while that's cooking we're going to get
our pancetta so nice thin strips of
pancetta
and then nice hot pan no need any oil in
the pan because this has got so much fat
this pancetta
we always wanted to make it kind of dry
and crispy so in it goes the hot pan and
then just get that all that fat to sort
of render out and while that's going on
we're going to separate our eggs you
need quite a lot of egg in this seat
from one portion I do at least two yolks
and then when I say portion I mean it's
sort of small starter portion so make
sure is no white in there just the yolk
- they're quite small so they do three
so three yolks keep the whites for
something else and then just keep you on
that pancetta we don't to be - don't
want to be black we always just want to
cut most golden the colour I'm really
crispy look how much fat comes out it's
incredible but there's so much flavor
and the kind of the fatty of the
pancetta usually the crispier it goes
and just put that onto a towel
drain off any of the excess fat get
everyone that fat anymore spell its
purpose okay so just going to sort of
feet are a goes together add a little
bit of seasoning black pepper and then
we just wait for our spaghetti to cook
so we take our pasta and ice cook so
nice chewiness to it so add it to our
seasoned egg yolks with a bit of that
cooking water don't worry about getting
rid of the cooking water in and then
using that hot pasta start moving the
eggs and the pasta together and the hot
pasta will cook the egg yolk
let's wait any cream then we're gonna
add some Parmesan cheese
user pork have used tongs you get all
the nice bit stuck in the tongs so just
use your fork and then this point it
means start to get a bit thick add some
the pasta cooking water so get a pasta
cooking water and then just sort of
bring that all together
add the pancetta leave some for the top
and then
it's like a nice little bit of good
olive oil in there as well get all those
nice bits on the side and then nice
small portion the carbonara
anymore
pancetta
a little bit more parmesan and then just
finish off with a little bit more
beautiful black pepper and there you
have a delicious authentic spaghetti
carbonara